fix: [IC-272] make fetching canister logs grep- and tail- compatible (#3658)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

### fix fetching canister logs to be grep & tail compatible

> Fix fetching canister logs so that the DFX output is `grep` and `tail` compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dfx canister logs` now outputs to stdout, rather than stderr, so that its output is `grep` and `tail` compatible.
```
